# Known peculiarities
This document contains a list of behavior peculiarities which are suboptimal but are in place for simplicity. They are not considered as bugs, but may be improved in the future.  
1. If `total_balance`/`supply` is less than `1e-8` or more than `1e8` rounding inaccuracies may lead to losses. For instance `total_balance=100TON` and `supply=10e-9` (100 indivisible units), deposit of 19TON will give user 1 indivisible KTON token unit. In other words 9 TON will be distributed over all KTON holders. *Countermeasure* is to keep `total_balance`/`supply` around 1.
2. Optimistic withdrawals are based on `total_balance`/`supply` ratio. In particular, it doesn't account for `FINALIZE_ROUND_FEE`. When round profit less than `FINALIZE_ROUND_FEE` (usually that means that there are no working validators) losses (quite minor though) are socialized amidst KTON holders.
3. When `total_balance=0` and `supply>0` deposits won't work due to division by zero. It is expected behavior since KTON tokens lost all value and there is no correct way to account deposits. Pessimistic deposits will fail on the round end.
4. When `total_balance>0` and `supply=0` (that may happen due to donations to empty pool) Pool can not loan credits since can not calculate how much TON need to be reserved for withdrawal. *Countermeasure* is the correct protocol of launching: first deposit (it is better if deposit >10k) and then `FINALIZE_ROUND_FEE` donation
5. Governance fee is deducted from `total_balance` every round, regardless of whether or not it was actually sent to `interest_manager`. May happen when `governance_fee` is less than `SERVICE_NOTIFICATION_AMOUNT`.
6. `NFT payout` may bounce token transfer transaction when handling start of the token distribution (rather than send tokens back). This bounce is not handled on `KTON minter` side, because it's not clear if we can really fix the situiation at this point. One of the possible options is to transfer those KTONs back to the governor wallet for later manual handling.
7. `donate` operation is allowed from arbitrary sender address, Thus anyone can increase `total_balance` at will. That may lead to deposit/withdraw rate manipulation, or issues like **4**.
8. In V1, pool governance fee went to **Interest manager**: governance fee should be used for operational costs (bounties, monitoring/api costs, salaries, marketing) while **Governance** (being DAO in the best case) is expected to be too slow for such expenses. In V2, a dedicated **Treasury** role was introduced to better manage these fees.
9. Revenue share profits from the new profit sharing model in V2 are not included in projected rate calculations. This means that if revenue share mechanism is active in a round, stakers during that round may receive more KTON tokens than expected, as additional profit will be distributed over all stakers (both new and existing).
